lightning: document logical-import-batch-{size,rows} (#16790)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

# This parameter is introduced in v7.6.0. The default value is "16KiB". The value must be greater than or equal to `1B`. Note that if you only specify a number (for example, `16`), the unit is Byte instead of KiB.
# block-size = "16KiB"

> # Limit the size of each SQL query executed on downstream TiDB server in Logical Import Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Limit the size of each SQL query executed on the downstream TiDB server in Logical Import Mode.
```

# This parameter is introduced in v8.0.0.

> # This is the desired length of the VALUES part of each INSERT/REPLACE statement executed in a single transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This is the desired length of the VALUES part of each INSERT or REPLACE statement executed in a single transaction.
```

> # This is the desired length of the VALUES part of each INSERT or REPLACE statement executed in a single transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This is the desired size of the VALUES part of each INSERT or REPLACE statement executed in a single transaction.
```

> # This is not a hard limit; the actual SQL executed may be longer or shorter depending on the actual content imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This is not a hard limit. The actual SQL executed might be longer or shorter, depending on the actual content imported.
```

> # The default value is "96KiB", which is optimized for import speed when TiDB Lightning is the only client of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The default value is `96KiB`, which is optimized for import speed when TiDB Lightning is the only client of the cluster.
```

> # The default value is `96KiB`, which is optimized for import speed when TiDB Lightning is the only client of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The default value is "96KiB", which is optimized for import speed when TiDB Lightning is the only client of the cluster.
```

> # In Logical Import Mode, this parameter controls the size of each SQL query executed on the downstream TiDB server.
> # This parameter is introduced in v8.0.0.
> # This is the desired size of the VALUES part of each INSERT or REPLACE statement executed in a single transaction.
> # This is not a hard limit. The actual SQL executed might be longer or shorter, depending on the actual content imported.
> # The default value is "96KiB", which is optimized for import speed when TiDB Lightning is the only client of the cluster.
> # Because of implementation details of TiDB Lightning, the value is capped at 96 KiB. Larger values are ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# In Logical Import Mode, this parameter controls the size of each SQL statement executed on the downstream TiDB server.
# This parameter is introduced in v8.0.0.
# It specifies the expected size of the VALUES part of each INSERT or REPLACE statement in a single transaction.
# This parameter is not a hard limit. The actual SQL executed might be longer or shorter, depending on the actual content imported.
# The default value is "96KiB", which is optimized for import speed when TiDB Lightning is the only client of the cluster.
# Due to the implementation details of TiDB Lightning, the value is capped at 96 KiB. Setting a larger value will not take effect.
```

> # The default value is "96KiB", which is optimized for import speed when Lightning is the only client of the cluster.
> # Because of implementation details of Lightning, the value is capped at 96 KiB and larger values are ignored.
> # This value may be decreased to reduce the stress on the cluster due to large transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The default value is "96KiB", which is optimized for import speed when TiDB Lightning is the only client of the cluster.
# Because of implementation details of TiDB Lightning, the value is capped at 96 KiB. Larger values are ignored.
# You can decrease this value to reduce the stress on the cluster due to large transactions.
```

> # logical-import-batch-size = '96KiB'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# logical-import-batch-size = "96KiB"
```

> # Limit the size of each SQL query executed on the downstream TiDB server in Logical Import Mode.
> # This parameter is introduced in v8.0.0.
> # This is the desired size of the VALUES part of each INSERT or REPLACE statement executed in a single transaction.
> # This is not a hard limit. The actual SQL executed might be longer or shorter, depending on the actual content imported.
> # The default value is `96KiB`, which is optimized for import speed when TiDB Lightning is the only client of the cluster.
> # Because of implementation details of TiDB Lightning, the value is capped at 96 KiB. Larger values are ignored.
> # You can decrease this value to reduce the stress on the cluster due to large transactions.
> # logical-import-batch-size = '96KiB'
> 
> # Limit the maximum number of rows inserted per transaction in Logical Import Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In Logical Import Mode, this parameter controls the size of each SQL query executed on the downstream TiDB server.
# This parameter is introduced in v8.0.0.
# This is the desired size of the VALUES part of each INSERT or REPLACE statement executed in a single transaction.
# This is not a hard limit. The actual SQL executed might be longer or shorter, depending on the actual content imported.
# The default value is `96KiB`, which is optimized for import speed when TiDB Lightning is the only client of the cluster.
# Because of implementation details of TiDB Lightning, the value is capped at 96 KiB. Larger values are ignored.
# You can decrease this value to reduce the stress on the cluster due to large transactions.
# logical-import-batch-size = '96KiB'

# In Logical Import Mode, this parameter controls the maximum number of rows inserted per transaction.
```

> # This parameter is introduced in v8.0.0. The default value is 65,536 rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This parameter is introduced in v8.0.0. The default value is `65536` rows.
```

> # When both `logical-import-batch-size` and `logical-import-batch-rows` are defined, the rows will be split in a way to respect both settings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# When both `logical-import-batch-size` and `logical-import-batch-rows` are defined, the behavior corresponding to the parameter whose threshold is reached first will be triggered first.

> # When both `logical-import-batch-size` and `logical-import-batch-rows` are defined, the rows will be split in a way to respect both settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# When both `logical-import-batch-size` and `logical-import-batch-rows` are defined, the parameter whose value reaches the threshold first will take effect.
```

> # When both `logical-import-batch-size` and `logical-import-batch-rows` are defined, the parameter whose value reaches the threshold first will take effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# When both `logical-import-batch-size` and `logical-import-batch-rows` are specified, the parameter whose value reaches its threshold first will take effect.
```

> # This value may be decreased to reduce the stress on the cluster due to large transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# You can decrease this value to reduce the stress on the cluster due to large transactions.
```
